What should we do today, Maple?
Good question.
I found you!
Frederica?
What's going on?
[FREDERICA]
Let's have a duel!
Y'know, like we always do!
Haven't you learned
your lesson yet?
Ha ha ha!
Enjoy that feeling of
confidence while you still can!
So you also tamed a monster?
Yes siree!
And a cute one, at that.
Oh, a cute one.
A cute one, huh? Well.
Okay, just like always.
Right, like always.
You can do it, Sally!
Turtle!
All righty, then.
Here we go!
[RISA]
Super Speed!
Oboro, use Vanish!
Shadow Clone!
[FREDERICA gasps]
Uh, Multi--
And Flash Flood!
Oboro! Binding Barrier!
[FREDERICA yells]
Really? I can't move!
Wait! Hold on a second!
And now for Quintuple Slash!
[FREDERICA]
What was that?
If I didn't know better,
I'd think you were really
trying to kill me!
Don't be silly.
And to think, I was going to let
you meet my new companion.
Ooh! What is it? I wanna see!
Not so fast, Maple!
Fine, I'll show you.
No, wait. Hang on!
Awaken!
Peep.
[KAEDE]
Aw! How cute!
I would like you to meet
my friend, Notes.
[NOTES]
Peep, peep!
It's a chick?
[chuckles]
What's the matter?
Did you somehow get the idea it
would be something scary?
Frederica, you--!
Thank goodness!
Imagine if it had been
a ghost or something.
Yeah, wouldn't want to run into
one of those things, huh?
Don't worry, though,
I would never tame an undead
monster for the sole purpose
of frightening Sally.
[RISA]
Aw, jeez.
Look at it, Sally! So cute!
And that's not all.
[DORAZOU]
Rawr! Everyone!
We're pleased to announce the
eighth event is starting soon!
And this time around,
we'll be holding a preliminary
before the main event,
which will consist of
a survival match among
individual players.
Points will be awarded based
on how long you survive
and how many
monsters you defeat.
Preliminary rankings will
then be used to determine
the area assignments
for the main event.
Of course, the higher your rank,
the better the
rewards you'll receive!
And since you'll be
competing individually,
don't forget to bring
a tamed monster!
That's all for now.
More details coming soon!
Competing individually
with a ranking system.
So far, it sounds a lot
like the first event.
Let's have a strategy meeting
as soon as we know more.
One thing's for sure.
All of us need to do our
best in the preliminary.
Anyway, setting the event
aside for a brief moment.
How about we go again?
Uh-oh. It's from Payne.
Huh? You supposed
to be somewhere?
Nuh-uh.
He just wants me to be careful
not to give too much away.
Oh, well.
I guess I'll be going.
However, I shall return!
Fine!
And I'll destroy you again.
I wouldn't be so sure!
Wait 'til you get a chance to
see what Notes can really do.
Bye bye!
Bye!
That chick of Frederica's
might have some good
buff or debuff skills.
[KAEDE]
You think so?
Kinda makes sense.
It doesn't seem to be
an attack specialist
like May and Yui's bears.
I'd say it's more comparable
to the monster Iz found.
[KAEDE] Yeah, that one
was pretty cute too,
now that you mention it!
Maybe it's a support chick!
Well, cuteness aside,
the right monster can enhance
your strengths or
cover your weaknesses.
They're serious game-changers
in that respect.
Yeah, well said.
What do you want to do now?
I don't think the others
will be back for a while.
We haven't hung out just
the two of us for a bit, huh?
Why don't we take the
opportunity to explore
Level Seven?
Okay. Like where?
Uh... Good question.
I've already been to the ocean,
and the forest, and the volcano.
What other areas
might be interesting?
It's like you're
making travel plans.
We could just wander
aimlessly, you know.
Yeah! We can walk around
together and see what we find!
"Walk," you say?
I guess I could carry you.
Hey! Don't worry, I have
the perfect solution!
Oh, really?
[SYRUP]
Turtle?
[KAEDE laughs]
So fast!
Better make sure you
hold on tight there, Maple!
Not that you'd suffer
damage if you fell.
This is really amazing, Sally!
Technically, this is a mount as
opposed to a tamed monster.
It's such a beautiful horse,
and pretty fast, too, huh?
[KAEDE]
You've done it again!
I'm looking as hard as I can,
and I don't see any
enemies around here,
which isn't really
ideal for leveling up.
Yeah!
For aimless wandering,
it couldn't be better!
[RISA]
Hmm.
Now, where the
heck did Maple go?
Maple! You there?
[KAEDE]
Here I am!
Uh, where's "here"?
[KAEDE]
Here, of course!
[RISA]
I found you.
What are you doing?
[KAEDE laughs]
Having fun!
These guys were bouncing
me in the air for a while,
and now they're
giving me a ride!
So you've pretty much
become their plaything?
If you're curious,
get in here and find out!
It sure is nice to take it
easy every once in a while,
don't you think?
[RISA laughs]
You take it easy
all the time, though.
[KAEDE]
Huh?
Is that really the
impression I give off?
--Huh? What the--
--[RISA] Maple, get inside!
[BOTH yell]
[KAEDE]
Getting dizzy...
Why is the world
spinning around?
Where are we, anyway?
Wool Hunting!
Water. Need water.
[KAEDE]
Uh-oh.
[KAEDE yells]
Why?!
Huh? Oh, no, Maple!
Web user!
[KAEDE yells]
You okay, Maple?
Didn't expect that.
They must've been afraid
you were gonna eat them.
Huh? I would never do that!
I'm not so sure.
Maple, did you drop something?
Mm-mm. I'm pretty sure
I've still got all my stuff
right here.
Yeah, but--
[KAEDE]
Something's down there!
What could it be?
--[SYRUP] Turtle!
--[KAEDE] Hey, Syrup!
A crystal?
Okay.
It's the White Key.
"This is one of three keys
required to unlock a door
somewhere on this level."
This is a key?
It takes three keys
to unlock this door,
so that means
there are two more.
If they're as small as this one,
they won't be easy to find.
Yeah, we need some kind of hint.
Okay.
We've obviously stumbled
into a quest of some kind.
Therefore, something must
have happened to trigger it.
But what could it
have possibly been?
[RISA]
Traveling monsters, huh?
Listen.
It was those sheep that
originally brought us here,
so let's take a look around.
And while we're at it,
we'll see if any other
traveling monsters
happen to cross our path!
Yeah, let's do it!
And if we see any
traveling monsters,
it'll be a sign that
we're on the right track!
I mean, who knows
if it'll really turn out
to be that simple?
But hey, it's better than
searching blindly, right?
I believe in you, Sally!
[RISA]
Could that be?
I knew it!
What's that?
[KAEDE]
A map of Level Seven?
[RISA] I have to figure this
was intended to be used
in an event of some kind.
[KAEDE]
Yeah! Those marks, though.
How weird.
What could they mean?
[RISA]
Look.
This mark is in the very
same area where we found
that spring earlier.
One of them must be
our next destination,
and I bet the rest of
them have clues, at least!
[KANADE]
Interesting map you've got here.
Are you able to tell
us anything about it?
[KANADE]
Well, actually.
I read something at the library
that could be relevant.
[RISA]
Yeah? Go on!
[MAY]
What? Really?
There once were
prosperous cities.
Places where people
could bond with monsters
at levels far beyond
what we can do now.
[YUI]
Don't do that!
If I plot their locations
on this map,
they'd be here and here.
Aww, I guess we lose.
Yeah, I give up.
[KAEDE] Great! Looks like
one of them was right around
that spring,
so this should help!
It's lucky for us you happened
to read the right book.
[KANADE] Well, as a matter
of fact, I've read them all.
You've read all the books...
...in the library?
They're really interesting.
And, as you can see, some
of them contain information
that turns out to
be quite useful.
I recommend reading them.
Of course, it does
take quite a while.
You truly never
cease to amaze me.
I don't see us beating
Kanade anytime soon.
No way.
[RISA] All right, then,
let's get back to it!
[KAEDE] Right! I'll be looking
forward to good news, okay?
Good luck, May and Yui!
You two keep doing your
best against Kanade!
[MAY, YUI]
Yeah. We'll do our best.
Same setup as the boss
in the second event.
Maybe the attacks
are the same, too.
Great! A chance to show just how
much stronger we've gotten!
Syrup! Mother Nature!
Thorn Shackles!
And for good measure,
Sleep Petals!
Path of Water!
And now Quintuple Slash!
Spirit Cannon!
Tur... tle!
All right! Deploy Armaments!
Invitation to the Ocean Floor!
Predator!
[yells]
Devour!
And Seeping Chaos!
Commence Attack!
Uh...
And finally, Hydra!
Yeah! We did it!
Heh... I feel bad for anyone
who has to PVP with her.
Huh? Hey, a crystal!
[RISA]
Nice! The Green Key.
This means we've got two
of the three keys we need.
We're doing pretty
good, aren't we?
Okay.
We've still got one more
location from Kanade to check.
I can't use Devour
anymore today,
but if you're up for it.
Sure! We've got some time,
so let's go knock it out.
[KAEDE]
Yeah!
Whoa! What is this?
Such mighty winds.
They could be dangerous.
[KAEDE]
And here it comes, right on cue!
[KAEDE yells]
[RISA]
Maple!
You flew pretty far.
Are you okay?
A little shaken.
But the good news is it wasn't
piercing or terrain damage,
so I'm fine.
[RISA chuckles]
Thank goodness for that.
Looks strong.
We better not mess around!
Just leave it to me!
[KAEDE]
Hey! No fair, I wasn't ready!
[yells]
[RISA] I don't think there's
any way I can save you
from that one.
Whoa! I can't lose focus!
[RISA]
Super Speed!
Oboro! Fairy Fire! Fire Child!
[RISA]
Yes!
She's gone full Maple.
Well, nothing to do but help
out where I can, yeah?
[RISA]
Power... Attack!
Oboro, Spirited Away!
That was great!
You looked like
a ninja out there!
[chuckles]
Look! The third key.
Yeah! Awesome! Hooray!
Shall we head to the ruins
Kanade mentioned?
[KAEDE]
Let's go!
Wow, look at that.
Yeah. Strange place, huh?
Syrup?
Is something wrong?
What's gotten into them?
Come on, let's follow Oboro.
[RISA]
Maple, look over there!
[KAEDE] So many kinds of
creatures I've never seen
before!
I'm sensing this
place is important.
Me, too.
And I think there's something
strange about this water.
Nothing weird is
gonna happen right?
Well, uh--
Huh?
What the heck is this?
Syrup, are you okay?
Oboro?
Turtle!
[KAEDE, RISA]
They evolved?
[KANADE]
Aha! So, they evolved!
A very interesting development!
Seems like evolving gives
them new skills too.
You look so stylish
with your new flower!
And a little bigger
as well, right?
[SYRUP]
Turtle!
You've come such a long way.
We've fought a lot of
battles together, huh?
And maybe they can
go even further.
You think?
Sure.
I haven't seen anything that
mentions evolution limitations.
Hey, I know.
If evolution makes
them stronger,
then let's evolve
all our companions!
I bet if we complete the event.
Well, that would be ideal
if it were possible.
[KUROMU] I went to the place
with the floating rocks, too,
but I didn't run into
any giant there.
I went all the way to
the top of the Great Tree,
but it didn't trigger
any events or battles.
I wonder why that is.
Oh, um, maybe it's your
companion's level
and how close you are to it.
Yeah, Maple and Sally have
been with Syrup and Oboro
for a long time,
so that could be it.
That's right.
I think there was
something in the book
about bringing
out their strengths.
Maybe you have to level
up their basic abilities first.
Aw! Then it really is because
we've been together so long!
[F ADMIN B]
All these blasted new features!
Bugs are popping up everywhere!
[ADMIN B]
No point griping.
Might as well use
that time to work!
[ADMIN C] Hey, how many rare
monsters have been consumed
so far?
[SECRETARY]
Fewer than 20 percent.
Keep in mind it's a large area,
so there's an abundance
of strong monsters
who aren't rare as well.
[ADMIN A] We all worked
so hard to pull this together.
[F ADMIN B]
How are the major guilds doing?
[SECRETARY] This one is
swimming in rare monsters.
[ADMIN C]
Impressive!
[ADMIN B] They're totally
grabbing up all the good stuff.
[SECRETARY] By the way, how will
you be handling the next event?
[ADMIN A] When the players
themselves become monsters,
our monsters have to
be doubly monstrous!
[ADMIN C]
Yeah, that's the ticket!
Strength in size!
Might in magnitude!
[F ADMIN B]
But if we make them too big,
all they'll defeat is our
processing capability.
[ADMIN C] Boy, could I
use some extra hands.
[F ADMIN B] What good do
you think hands are gonna do
when Maple's waving
literal tentacles around?
[ADMIN B] For those tentacles to
appear at all was rare enough,
but then for Maple
to end up with them?
[ADMIN A] You can't design
a monster's mouth
without accounting
for the possibility
of Maple jumping into it!
[SECRETARY] I must say,
seeing a monster explode
from the inside was
a new one for me.
Let alone seeing one eaten.
[ADMINS]
Seriously.
[ADMIN A] Let's give the
next event all we've got.
[ADMIN C]
Yeah, you said it!